Welcome to the Yahowah Blog.
I'm your host, Craig Winn.
We're about to resume our review of the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
It is the most important piece of
literature ever written.
The author was God himself, the Yahowah.
He wrote this song as an ode to
his beloved son, Dowd.
Yes, you heard that correctly.
The son of God is Dowd, David,
not Jesus.
Jesus is actually a myth,
a counterfeit based upon the profile of
Dowd as presented by Yahowah,
who is God throughout the Towrah and
prophets.
So this song was written specifically for
Dowd David, the former and returning king,
the very son of God, the Messiah,
according to God, our savior again,
according to God.
the man who enabled the benefits of the
covenant,
which is the only means to salvation
according to God.
He was also the Passover lamb.
And he is represented by a unique
individual who also is presented
throughout this psalm.
So I want you to listen.
I'm going to go back to the beginning.
I'm going to read through it so that
we approach where we left off in our
last program.
Again,
there is nothing anywhere close to as
important as this psalm as it relates to
your relationship with God or whether or
not you even have one.
Because it is absolutely irrefutable that
God is the single most important person in
the universe, according to God.
The psalm begins,
I want to sing about the eternal and
everlasting love, the steadfast devotion,
and the enduring favoritism,
unfailing affection and genuine mercy,
the kindness and generosity forevermore of
Yahowah.
On behalf of all generations throughout
all time,
the household, family, and home.
With my mouth, I will make known,
revealing that I am familiar with and
understand, acknowledging,
and that I have embraced your
trustworthiness and your dependability,
your honesty and your reliability,
your steadfast commitment to the truth.
Emunah,
this psalm will emphasize that word,
Emunah.
Eight times before we're through.
It says that God is steadfast.
That he is dependable.
That he is honest.
And that he is reliable.
And therefore.
There can be no place.
For a Talmud.
A Zohar.
A Koran.
Or a New Testament.
That was Ms.
Moore.
It goes on to say.
Yes indeed.
I say now and forever more.
The spiritual realm of the heavens was
established and is continually built to
procreate a restored, prosperous,
and productive family on the basis of
love, devotion, favoritism, kindness,
generosity, and mercy.
You have fashioned and formed it to
manifest within it your authentic
character, your trustworthiness,
and your reliability.
I have established cutting through
separation
the bereft covenant for the family and
home through my chosen one,
the person I prefer and have decided upon.
I have sworn an oath and I will
affirm this promise seven times over to
Dowd, to the beloved,
the person who is known today as David
Dowd.
He is my authorized agent and my coworker
who serves on my behalf, Ms.
Moore, eighty nine three.
And therein is a death blow to the
religions of Judaism,
Christianity and Islam.
It is clear here that God established the
covenant,
which is the centerpiece of the Towrah,
prophets and songs.
There is nothing.
More important than the covenant is the
only means to develop a relationship with
God.
And here God himself says,
I have established cutting through
separation, the breath covenant.
Through my chosen one,
the chosen one and the implement used to
establish the benefits of the covenant was
named in this covenant.
passage, and his name is Dowd.
He is the one for whom and to
whom,
of whom Yahowah said seven times over that
Dowd is my authorized agent and coworker.
If you want to claim that Jesus is
a savior, that God worked with Jesus,
then you would be spitting in God's face
because God said that his coworker,
the one through whom he enabled the
covenant,
which is the only means to have a
relationship with God or to engage in the
process of salvation, was through Dowd.
Dowd is God's coworker.
Dowd, not Jesus.
is God's chosen one.
To disagree with this is to call God
himself a liar.
And to disagree with it,
you have no basis for which to stand,
no basis even of a belief,
because you need the Towrah prophets and
Psalms to be true for your religion to
have any validity.
And when the Towrah prophets and Psalms
contradict your religion,
it has no validity.
Either way, you lose.
I mean, it's just so simple.
This statement by itself makes it
impossible to be an informed and rational
Christian or an informed and rational
adherent to Judaism or, of course,
Islam as well.
Impossible.
It cannot be done.
You have to forego evidence and reason,
the very testimony of God,
to be a Muslim, a practitioner of Judaism,
or a Christian,
based on this statement alone.
Let me read it again.
I have established,
cutting through separation,
the bereft covenant for the family and
home through my chosen one,
the person I prefer and have decided upon.
I have sworn an oath,
and I will affirm this promise seven times
over to Dowd, the Beloved,
my authorized agent and my co-worker who
serves on my behalf forevermore as an odd
ʽOwlam as an eternal witness to the
restoring testimony i will prepare and
establish your offspring and that which
you sow in addition i will construct a
home for your seat of honor your throne
Dowd's throne not Jesus's throne not
hashem's throne not some unknown messiah's
throne dote David's throne for how long
forevermore through all eternity on behalf
of all generations and all time and god
says salah pause now and contemplate the
implications
the spiritual realm of the heavens knows
and appreciates your wonderful
accomplishments and marvelous
contributions, Yahowah,
and also your trustworthiness in the
community of the set apart.
Eighty-nine-five, by contrast,
who in the skies of the material realm
can be equated or compared to Yahowah?
Who is similar to or thinks like Yahowah
among the sons of God?
Eighty nine, six.
If your God is named Jesus,
he's not Yahowah.
If your God is named Allah,
If your God is named Hashem,
he's not Yahowah.
If your God is the Lord,
And Yahowah is the one and only name
of God, according to God.
God is inspiring and awesome in the
counsel and fellowship of the set of heart
ones.
That would mean those who are opposed to
religion and politics,
which are the most common of all things.
Tremendously great,
while inspiring reverence and respect
beyond all of those around him.
Yahowah,
God of the vast array of spiritual
implements,
who and what is comparable to your awesome
power and extraordinary gifts which are
all around you?
Yeah, well,
including your unwavering commitment to
the truth.
You have conveyed vivid parables,
establishing an articulate leader over the
raging devastation and presumptuous
arrogance of the sea,
a metaphor for Gentiles.
When its turbulent and surging waves rise
up in deceit to craft delusions,
you expose them and you stop them.
You humbled and crushed,
rejected and defeated that which is
comparable to the reprehensible and deadly
nature of the pretentious pride and the
stormy arrogance of the boisterous
afflicter and his false God with your
empowered and fortified Zarowa.
This would be the one who is either
the sacrificial lamb, speaking of dote,
or the one cultivating a productive
harvest.
At this day,
it would be you ought to both serve
in this role.
You isolate and separate your adversaries.
See, God's not tolerant.
God's not all loving.
God is aggressive.
when it comes to those who would speak
against, work against,
talk against his beloved son,
our Messiah and King, our Savior, David.
The spiritual realm of the heavens is
yours, the material realm of the world,
and all that is in it is also
yours.
You laid the foundation for them.
You created them.
The north,
the place where the treasure is taken and
hidden, and the south, the right side,
you have created them.
To bore the broken and shattered and the
Chormah, the banned and exterminated,
shout for joy in your name.
One of the things that is often
misunderstood is that Yahowah,
created evil for a purpose.
Yahowah created ha-Satan, the adversary.
He deploys him for a reason.
He's scripted.
He's programmed.
And it is his program to lure away
the unthinking,
those who would prefer to believe,
those who are prone to speak out against
him, Yahowah, by name, and his beloved son.
If you've been lured into religion,
You have been played.
Beside you and on your behalf, the Zarowa.
The Zarowa, as a strong arm, is Moshe.
As a sacrificial lamb, is Dowd.
As the one cultivating these final two
harvests so that they are productive,
is Yada, with tremendous power, courage,
and character, and awesome ability.
Two of those men are routinely called a
Gabuwrah, strong, steadfast,
with tremendous confidence and conviction.
We'll be your strong hand.
Raised up at your right side,
Dowd serves as the right-hand side of
Yahowah.
He is the ultimate Gabor of Yahowah.
He, as a matter of fact,
is the Gabor El, Gabriel,
that inspired the prophecies that we now
read beginning in Daniel nine.
In fact, actually seven through twelve.
So being correct in vindicating regarding
executing good judgment and justly
resolving disputes serves as the
foundation of your throne.
Speaking of Dowd,
he's saying that Dowd exercised good
judgment.
He made sound decisions.
A loving relationship and genuine mercy
along with a steadfast commitment to the
truth encounter those who enter your
presence.
Mizmowr eighty nine fourteen delighted to
show the way because blessed are the
people who are aware of and acknowledge
Taruwah who walk in the light in the
light to your presence Yahowah I speak to
you today as the witness of Taruwah as
the bashar the herald of the day of
the herald
It is the day when a final remnant
of Yisrael will be purged of their
religiosity so that they may be in
attendance when Dowd returns as the
Messiah and King with Yahuwah on Yom
Kipurym, just ten days thereafter.
Taruwah is the day of Dowd's Herald.
Taruwah is mentioned here because without
the herald of Taruwah,
of this day of the herald.
No one knows what Dowd accomplished.
In your name they rejoiced every day,
and in your justice and vindication by
being right, they are lifted on high.
In addition, indeed,
the adornment and appearance of their
Empowerment and fortification is yours.
By your acceptance and approval,
our brilliantly illuminating horn is
lifted up.
For our deliverance and protection are
from Yahowah.
Accordingly, the Qadosh,
the Set-apart one of Yisrael,
is our Melech Kang.
Dowd.
is the king that they are describing,
which means that Dowd, David,
is the set of heart one of Yisrael.
That's Eighty-Nine, Eighteen.
Therefore, in relation to this, logically,
you spoke in a revelation to your chosen
and tested ones.
saying,
I have equated and bestowed assistance,
supplying whatever was needed on behalf of
the Gabor,
the most courageous and capable of men.
I have raised up and exalted the Bashar,
the chosen one, from the people.
It is Dowd who is routinely called the
Bashar.
This is the second time now in this
Psalm by itself.
He was listed as the Bashar and his
name followed in the third statement.
This is now the nineteenth.
I've shared with you previously that the
concept of being Gabor,
courageous and capable,
is used more in correlation with Dowd
than anyone else,
and that God has now twice said that
Dowd is not only his chosen one,
but that there are chosen and tested ones
who recognize and support Dowd.
They have logically determined from the
very revelations of Yahuwah
that Dowd is this individual,
that he is the chosen one,
that he is the very son of God,
that he is Gabor,
that he is God's co-worker,
that he is the one who enabled the
benefits of the covenant.
It says, I discovered and then made known,
encountered, experienced,
and exposed Dowd, my co-worker.
This is the second time that a person
has been named in the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr
that
essentially ascribes everything that is of
any value to Dowd.
And now, once again,
we read that Dowd is Yahowah's co-worker,
the one through whom he worked through.
What does that mean?
Well, God is quite clear.
Every opportunity he has to enable a
result through someone of his choosing,
he does so.
He led the children of Yisrael out of
enslavement and Mitzrayim through his
co-worker Moshe.
He resolved the issue of the Nephilim,
these disgruntled religious malcontents
who were so terrorizing during the flood
by working through Noach.
It is God's nature.
to work through people.
When he united Israel,
it was through Dowd.
When he acquired Jerusalem,
When Yahowah wanted to protect his people,
it was through Dowd.
When Yahowah wanted to fulfill Pesach,
Matzah, and Bikuwrym,
it was Dowd who volunteered to serve as
the Passover lamb, to endure Sheowl,
to take our guilt away on Matzah,
so that we could enjoy being firstborn
children
Yahowah has chosen Dowd as his ultimate
co-worker.
Out of the Shemen Qodesh,
Mai set apart oil.
I have Mashiach.
I have anointed him so that to show
the way to the benefits of the
relationship,
my hand and influence will be established
and steadfast,
authenticated and unwavering with you.
through.
Dumb skulls pretending to be Christians as
if there were a person named Jesus Christ
stole Dowd's title.
There is no instance, even in the Gospels,
of this misnomer ever being anointed.
Ever.
And you have to be anointed to be
what?
A Messiah.
And all Christ is is a Greek
version of Messiah.
He can't be the Christ unless he's a
Messiah,
and he can't be the Messiah unless he's
anointed.
And he wasn't anointed.
But guess who was anointed?
Not only was Dowd anointed three times on
Yahowah's instructions.
In this case,
God is saying that he himself anointed
Dowd with his set-apart oil.
Out of Shem and Qodesh, I, my,
set apart oil.
I have Mashiach.
I have anointed him.
Who him?
Didn't it just say Dowd is... In fact,
Dowd, my co-worker, is the last...
Statement of the previous sentence.
We're in the same verse.
Note my coworker out of my set apart
oil.
I have Mashach, anointed him.
So that to show the way to the
benefits of the relationship,
my hand and influence,
God's hand and influence is established
and steadfast,
authenticated and unwavering with you.
Now,
would you expect him to say with him?
Yeah, of course it is.
But the benefit of Dowd is for us.
Dowd didn't fill Pesach, Matzah,
and Bikuwrym for himself.
Dowd wasn't anointed for his own benefit.
Dowd was anointed.
He was prepared by God for our benefit.
He fulfilled Pesach so that we might live.
He endured matzah so that we might appear
perfect before God.
He celebrated Bikuwrym so that we might be
children of the covenant.
In addition and beyond this, my Zarowa,
my Zarowa,
protective shepherd,
this strong arm and sacrificial lamb.
Indeed,
the one working for me to cultivate the
harvest will empower and embolden you,
strengthening you while enabling your
growth.
Now, in this case,
he's just mentioned Dowd as the Mashiach,
as his coworker, as his chosen one.
And now he's saying that he is the
Zarowa.
And the Zarowa,
as it's presented throughout the Towrah,
is the sacrificial lamb of Pesach.
God is announcing that Dowd fulfilled
Pesach.
That is how Dowd empowers and emboldens
us.
That's how he strengthens us.
That's how he enables our growth,
is through his fulfillment of Pesach,
Matzah,
and Bikuwrym in his second of three lives
in thirty-three CE.
He wrote all about it.
and the twenty-second Mizmowr,
and the eighty-eighth Mizmowr.
Actually,
in every one of the first thirty-five
Mizmowr, the subject comes up.
The sacrificial lamb, my Zarowa,
will empower and embolden you.
Mizmowr, lyrics to sing,
eighty-nine twenty-one.
Indeed,
this is the most important song ever sung.
And while we are just
One-third of our way through the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr, this psalm,
Yahowah has already acknowledged his son as
Dowd David twice.
Not Jesus.
He acknowledged his son as Dowd David
twice.
So when speaking of the Son of God,
you have two choices.
To accept that Dowd David is God's son,
or to lie.
Jesus is a lie.
Dowd is the truth.
Bashar Ani, my chosen one, twice.
If you want to claim that Jesus is
the chosen one, then you are a liar.
If you recognize Dowd is the chosen one,
then you are acknowledging the truth.
Ebed Ani, my coworker, twice.
God worked to achieve the fulfillment of
the covenant,
indeed providing our salvation through
Dowd as his coworker.
He enabled the fulfillment of Passover by
sacrificing Dowd's Bashar body.
He enabled the fulfillment of Matzah by
sacrificing our guilt being carried on
Dowd's nephesh soul.
And he enabled our birth into the covenant
family on Bikuwrym, firstborn children,
by protecting Dowd in Sheowl and releasing
him back to Shamaym, the spiritual realm.
Dowd has twice been called a restoring and
eternal witness.
He has been once referred to as a
Mashal, as an articulate leader.
He is presented once as yamin,
the right hand of God.
He is presented as the azatziyat,
the strong hand of God.
Four times.
He is called the Zarowa.
the sacrificial lamb of Pesach.
Dowd is referred to as Gabuwrah,
which is the feminine manifestation of the
souls and the spirit working together.
This is the Zarowa's power.
It demonstrates outstanding character,
awesome ability, tremendous character.
Dowd is referred to as the Gabuwrah twice
already in this psalm.
He is called Qodesh, the Set-apart One.
He is referred to as Gabor,
the most courageous and capable man.
He is Mashiach,
anointed by the very hand of God.
And while those are names,
they're titles and attributes to cherish,
it really all pales when compared to what
Yahowah had to say about Dowd.
I have established cutting through
separation the bereft covenant for the
family home through my chosen one,
the person I prefer and have decided upon.
I have sworn an oath and I will
affirm this promise seven times over to
Dowd the beloved.
my authorized agent and coworker who
serves on my behalf.
Furthermore,
as an Ad ʽOwlam eternal witness to the
restoring testimony,
I will prepare and establish your
offspring and that which you sow.
In addition,
I will construct a home for your throne,
your seat of honor on behalf of all,
all, all generations throughout all time.
Pause now and contemplate the implications
of this.
Beside you and on your behalf, the Zarowa,
this sacrificial lamb and the one
cultivating the harvest with Geburah,
tremendous power, inspiring courage,
outstanding character and awesome ability
will be your strong hand raised up high
at
your right side.
For our deliverance and protection,
they are from Yahowah.
Accordingly, they set apart one,
the Qadash of Yisrael.
He is our Melech, our king.
Therefore, in relation to this, logically,
you spoke in a revelation to your chosen
ones, saying,
I have equated and bestowed assistance,
supplying what is needed on behalf of the
Gabor,
the most courageous and capable of men.
I have raised up and exalted the Bashar,
the chosen one from the people.
I discovered and then made known,
encountered, experienced,
and exposed Dowd, my co-worker,
out of the Shema and Qodesh set apart
oil.
I have Meshach, I have anointed him.
so that to show the way to the
benefits of the relationship,
my hand and influence will be established
and steadfast,
authenticated and unwavering with you.
In addition and beyond this, my Zarowa,
my strong arm,
the one who cultivates the benefits of the
harvest, indeed the very sacrificial lamb,
will empower and embolden you,
strengthening you.
while enabling your growth.
That's pretty good for a man Paul claimed
was dead and buried and thus replaced.
And it's impressive for a fellow who
rabbis prefer to denigrate rather than
celebrate.
Now, as we press on,
there's a slightly different order of
things found in the Qumran parchments as
opposed to the Masoretic text.
Psalm, Psalm follows Psalm .
Further,
his hand becomes my hand and my right
side.
And for QPS,
God will stand at Yahowah's right side and
is serving as God's influence.
That's why he is called Elion,
the very influence of Almighty God.
As such,
I will place my hand into the sea
and my right side adjacent to flowing
waters.
Ms.
Moore, lyrics to be sung,
Psalm eighty nine twenty five
repositioned, of course,
based upon the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Now,
he has already disclosed Yahowah's yad
hand, his Dowd.
Therefore,
he will be placed over Goyim Gentiles,
the sea,
represented in the text by the yams.
The ha-Nahar,
place from which these waters flow at
Yahowah's yamen, right side, is Zion,
actually, from the Temple Mount.
Because on...
which he has already mentioned,
God's going to release a torrent of
floodwaters underneath the sacrifice of
Yada as the Adamah Parah to prepare
a mortal remnant of Yahuwdym to witness
Dowd's return with Yahowah as king and
seeing his throne as brilliant as the sun
come from Shamaym on Kipurym.
So upon their return,
Yahowah was going to open a life-giving
waterway from the Dead Sea to the
Mediterranean Sea.
Actually, it begins on Taruwah,
flowing on both sides,
purging and cleansing this remnant of
Yisrael.
From death, there will be new life.
And from the witness of the dead three
schools, we've come to know our Father.
As a result,
the adversary and his schemes will be
thwarted.
The father of lies, Satan's prodigy,
is now also presented as the son of
evil.
With this much evidence condemning Shaul,
Paul,
who is the author of the first fourteen
books of the Christian New Testament,
as the Towrahless one,
as the man who tried to annul the
very word of God and negate the lives
and lyrics of the Messiah and Son of
God,
it's curious that Christians remain
fixated on identifying their Antichrist,
which was Paul.
And now is Donald Trump.
Fortunately,
Yahowah is a great father and he's going
to protect his son.
It says the adversary,
the hostile opposition will not outwit or
nullify him.
They will not negate his value.
And the son of evil.
This awful child of wickedness,
the prodigy of malice and injustice,
the seed of the one who is wrong,
harmful and damaging.
It is transliterated from Ivel in the
Masoretic text, the evil one.
will not deny him or denigrate him because
he will have no answer for him.
Lo anahu,
he will not silence him or stop him.
He will not negate him or nullify his
responsive declarations.
Mizmowr,
Lyrics to Sing,
Psalm AD number twenty-two.
We have no idea what has riled the
fur faces,
but I think they believe that they're
doing a service to this community.
Shoah, in this case,
was not chosen by happenstance,
nor was Allah.
Shoah is used in the third statement that
Yahowah etched in stone to say that he
would not forgive anyone who sought to
nullify or negate the value of his name.
He is not going to allow Satan to
denigrate or silence Dowd either.
And understand,
negating and nullifying Yahowah's name is
the essence of Christianity and its New
Testament, Judaism and the Talmud,
Islam and the Koran.
Now,
this is an important lesson because it
means that God
is as protective of his name and
reputation as he is of his sons.
An attack on one is an assault on
the other.
To denigrate the son, David,
by failing to acknowledge what he has
sacrificed to save Israel,
to enable the covenant,
or to replace him with a mythical
misnomer,
as is the case with Judaism and
Christianity,
is to garner his father's wrath.
And his father just so happens to be
God.
Now, as for Allah, it was written, used,
written, I should say,
and used in Chabaquwq,
Habakkuk, two-twelve.
And it was presented there to reveal that
Shaul, who is Paul, the plague of death,
would build an evil edifice.
Therefore,
Yahowah is trying to connect these things
and these clues together for us so that
we might understand Satan's desire to
denigrate Yahowah's chosen one.
God does not want us fooled into denying
or trivializing things
the Zarowa, his chosen one, his co-worker,
the Passover lamb.
While the adversary, as ha-Satan,
is singular, as is his prodigy,
the son of evil, Paul,
when working together as they did to
conceive Christianity,
they become, sorry, adversarial foes.
Beyond this, to the best of my knowledge,
there are only three prominent individuals
who claim to speak for God while admitting
to being demon-possessed.
The people's choice, King Shaul, Saul.
The wannabe apostle and false prophet,
Shaul, Paul.
and the self-proclaimed messenger of God,
Muhammad.
That's quite a threesome, huh?
However,
since the plague of death was explicitly
named Sha'uwl and Chabaquwq Habakkuk,
it doesn't take a genius to ascertain
which of these nefarious fellows earned
the title son of evil.
More to the point,
Shaul's name will soon appear within this
Mizmowr,
eliminating any doubt as to the identity
of the wicked child.
May we applaud, yeah.
The title is certainly fitting.
It, of course,
is stupefying that no one has bothered to
ask if Shaul Paul is as goddamn important
as he claims.
If he is the lone apostle to the
Gentile world,
why are all of the prophetic references to
him so decidedly negative, in fact,
demonic?
Why isn't there a single positive comment
about the principal author of the
Christian New Testament to be found
anywhere in prophecy?
If it is Shaul that we should be
listening to, why is Dowd,
the man whose status and testimony Paul
sought to annul and counterfeit,
featured in more prophecies than anyone
else?
If Paul is telling us the truth and
Dowd is lying,
why is it that Paul consistently misquotes
and contradicts God while Yahowah proclaims
that Dowd is right?
Why is this Dowd song and not an
ode to Shaul?
Why is Shaul's name synonymous with Sheowl,
hell?
Why does it mean question him?
Why is he a Benjamite,
a son headed south to the sea of
the Gentiles and a wolf if he is
to be believed?
Why does Dowd's name mean beloved?
Why is Dowd the one from Yahuwdah,
beloved of Yah?
Well,
Shaul is from the most wayward of the
tribes, Benjamin.
why is Dowd afforded almost every positive
title accolade and attribute by god
himself from chosen one to set apart one
from son of god to the hand of
god from messiah to king from the branch
to the protective shepherd and sacrificial
lamb if we are supposed to value his
contribution to our lives
Shouldn't it be so?
And if it isn't to be so,
why would God say all of this?
Why is Dowd accompanying Yahowah upon his
return and then presented ruling the world
forevermore if life and testimony are to
be discounted?
Why are the only titles God associated
with Shaul Paul, the father of lives,
the son of evil,
and the plague of death,
if there is anything good or right about
him?
Asked another way,
since the book of Acts claims that Paul
was such a big shot,
such a persuasive orator and a prolific
writer,
a man who traveled throughout the
Greco-Roman world,
the best student of Gamaliel,
the leading rabbi,
of the day and a man who supposedly
met with numerous kings along the way,
why isn't there a single reference to him
in any of the communities or nations he
visited?
Having allegedly given speeches before
provincial governors, kings, and emperors,
why didn't a court scribe record his
message?
Why wasn't the Christian globetrotter
mentioned by Tacitus, Pliny, Josephus,
or even by a rabbi?
Why is Paul's written account of his life
in Gentiles, in Galatians?
Asher, please.
In Galatians.
So incompatible with the story he told
Luke and Acts.
Why did he die miserable and alone,
rejected by all he sought to influence?
Why did those who listened to Paul
Reject him.
Why don't Christians acknowledge or
recognize any of this today?
Now, rest assured,
before the conclusion of these chapters,
I'm going to continue to expose and
condemn Shaul Paul's irrational attempts,
both spoken and written, to Sarai.
Constrain and restrict the importance of
Dowd, the beloved of Yahowah.
claiming he was dead, buried,
and excluded from heaven so that he was
free to steal everything that Dowd
achieved and give it to his misnomer and
myth, Iosu christu.
So soon you will know, as does God,
why the plague of death must be
vanquished.
Now standing up for the one who stood
with him, Yah reveals,
and so I will pulverize and crush.
I will defeat and shatter.
his foes,
especially those who seek to constrain and
to restrict him.
Then out of his presence,
I will plague those who shun him by
attempting to decrease his status.
Psalm.
Eighty nine.
Twenty three.
Ladies and gentlemen, the very essence
of Christianity, Judaism,
and to a significant degree, Islam.
They're all devoted to this very thing,
to shun Dowd,
attempting to decrease his status.
They don't want Dowd to be recognized as
the son of God.
They don't want Dowd recognized as the
Messiah.
returning king.
they don't want dote acknowledged as the
savior they do not want dote recognized or
called the chosen one or the most set
apart they would prefer to afford these
attributes and accolades to myths and
frauds and so here god is saying that
he will plague
that he will shatter, crush,
pulverizing all those who seek to
constrain and restrict God in this way,
who create an unfavorable situation,
diminishing his calling, achievements,
and purpose.
I'm telling you,
this is the essence of Christianity.
It's the essence of Judaism.
They're awaiting an unknown Messiah.
They do not acknowledge that God's going
to return.
They do not acknowledge those status as
the chosen one or son of God.
And in Christianity,
it was the entire lie of Christianity is
based upon robbing Dowd of his titles and
achievements.
So here you have it.
Very creator God of the universe.
The one who inspired the Towrah prophets
and Psalms.
is going to crush, debilitate,
isolate and condemn those who have
accepted and professed the religions that
deprive Dowd of his status, Judaism,
Christianity and Islam.
Empirically, having dissected,
compared and analyzed much of what Shaul
Paul said and wrote,
through my five series of volumes called
Twistianity,
I realized that the principal author of
the Christian New Testament was not only
replacing Dowd with his mythological
God-man, Jesus Christ,
but was decreasing Dowd's status to
elevate his own.
Moreover,
until I invested the time to specifically
scrutinize Paul's spoken and written
assessments of Dowd,
the first in Acts and the second in
Romans.
I had no idea just how irrational and
pathetic his attempts had been or how
overt they were.
As a result,
I came to understand the basis of
replacement foolology.
Paul's irrational and counterproductive
assessments of dote were contrived because
the father of lies, Shaul Paul,
realized that the Mashiach's life and
lyrics not only undermined his New
Testament,
but they also obliterated his credibility.
And soon enough,
you will know what I have learned.
By contrast,
Yahowah and Dowd share the following in
common.
Therefore,
my steadfast commitment to the truth,
again, Emunah,
my trustworthiness and unrelenting
honesty, and my unwavering love,
my determined devotion,
my enduring favoritism, Chesed Ani,
are with him.
in my name his light will radiate and
enlighten his brilliant horn Karen Hugh
his glowing appearance on his summit all
of that is in Karen and his ability
to enlighten will be brilliant even his
ram's horn as a crown symbolic of his
status and strength and his role as the
productive ram among the sheep
especially on what will be achieved during
Taruwah, as he will be prominent,
as his trumpet is blown.
He will be lifted up.
He will be raised on high,
and he will be exalted.
Eighty-nine, twenty-four.
Dowd is to be raised on high.
He already has been.
He will be exalted.
He is the source of light that radiates
to enlighten us.
He is the greater luminary of the first
chapter of Bare’syth Genesis.
And in Yahowah's name,
he made all of these declarations to
demonstrate that God's favoritism and
ongoing affection remained with Dowd
forevermore.
Dowd is like Yahowah in this way.
Both share an unwavering commitment to the
truth.
They are both loving.
By looking at one, we see the other.
Seen together, they encapsulate the Towrah.
They emulate the covenant.
Their relationship has made it possible
for us to understand and thereby
experience Yahowah's enduring love and his
mercy.
When Yahowah said this about himself,
he destroyed the basis of the Christian
religion.
Since God is unwavering,
his commitment to the truth,
He could not have inspired the
contradictory message found in the
Christian New Testament,
especially since it annuls much of what he
claimed would be consistently reliable
throughout time.
Since the God of the Towrah is genuinely
loving and merciful,
the gospel of grace is without merit.
If it conveys the same message as found
in the Towrah,
which the New Testament and Paul's letters
do not, it becomes superfluous.
If its message differs, and it does,
then for it to be true,
the statement God just made must be false.
Since God stated that his enduring
commitment to the truth and mercy were
both with Dowd, one leads to the other,
completely negating the concept of
salvation through faith.
So all good things occur in Yahowah's name
from love to enlightenment,
from mercy to being converted into
spiritual energy via light.
Also interesting,
Yahowah told Abraham that he would provide
the lamb.
And so when Abraham looked,
he saw the lamb's Karen,
the horns of radiant light on the summit
of Moriah.
Therefore, based upon this statement,
Yahowah was symbolically portraying what he
would accomplish with Dowd,
two thousand years later on Moriah.
After all,
Dowd is not only the exemplar of the
covenant, he is the Zarowa,
he is the sacrificial lamb who described
his own experience in first person,
enduring chag Matsah.
and his fulfillment of Pesach,
Matz and Bikuwrym in the twenty-second
Mizmowr.
By referencing Kirin here,
Yahowah did for us what Dowd had figured
out when he read the Towrah's depiction in
Bare’syth of father and son Abraham and
Esau climbing Mount Moriah,
where Dowd was residing at the time,
to fulfill Pesach,
when after describing
Ishak is Abraham's one and only son,
his beloved son.
Yahowah said he would provide the lamb,
and there in the thicket,
caught with the kerin, was that ram.
And that is how Dowd figured out that
indeed Yahowah had made it possible for him
to fulfill Pesach,
and he volunteered to do so.
So one after the next,
every word is a declaration containing a
treasure trove of relevant insights.
And the same will be true with every
word that we pursue through the very end
of this inspiring psalm,
one that Yahowah conceived.
to share the very love he has for
his beloved son, Daud,
the one through whom he made it possible
for us to experience eternal life.
I thank you for listening as the sun
has now set across the beautiful Caribbean
Sea,
and I bid you a good evening from
our Ocean Studio.
Good night.